# Android-security-to-files
 Android has been a major target of malicious applications (malapp). How to detect and keep the malapp out of the app markets is an ongoing challenge.   One of the central design points of Android security mechanism is permission control that restricts the access of apps to core facilities of devices.   However, it imparts a significant responsibility to the app developers with regard to accurately specifying the requested permissions and to the users with regard to fully understanding the risk of granting certain combinations of permissions.  Android permissions requested by an app depict the app’s behavioural patterns.  
 
 
In order to help understanding Android permissions, the system explore the permission-induced risk in Android apps on three levels in a systematic manner.  First, the project thoroughly analyses the risk of an individual permission and the risk of a group of collaborative permissions.  The mobile app employs three feature ranking methods, namely, mutual information, correlation coefficient, and T-test to rank Android individual permissions with respect to their risk.  The project then uses sequential forward selection as well as principal component analysis to identify risky permission subsets.  


Once installed the user should select their preferred files to lock from malapp.  The user selected files will be added into secured files list and without user consent no one can access those files.  By gaining proper privilege from user another user can access the protected files.  Every request for file access will be sent file owner.


Second, the project evaluates the usefulness of risky permissions for malapp detection with support vector machine, decision trees, as well as random forest.  Third, the project in depth analyse the detection results and discuss the feasibility as well as the limitations of malapp detection based on permission requests.  The system evaluate our methods on a very large official app set consisting of 310 926 benign apps and 4868 real-world malapp and on a third-party app set.  The empirical results show that our malapp detectors built on risky permissions give satisfied performance (a detection rate as 94.62% with a false positive rate as 0.6%).  
